Playtest Notes 2022/02/28 
4 separate people tested this version of the game. 

-Camera pan is oddly slow on standalone builds, but not in editor.
-Multiple players managed to glitch themselves through the door in level 2 by walking against it, and then
pushing an entangled object into themselves until they popped through. 
-One player managed to push themselves out of the map entirely with a similar approach, not a massive issue
as the out of bounds box already causes the game to respawn them when this happens. 
-One player discovered they could fly a great distance by standing ontop of an NPC's head, entangling them
and then moving to the left/right. It only works if the NPC is already elevated and unmoving. 
-Minor confusion about non game-halting messages, players would spam the interact button and the message would
keep repeating from the start. This isn't unintended behaviour but may still be best to change it. 
-One player discovered if they glitch themselves out of the first area and respawn, picking up the 
entanglement gun would not properly activate it, the issue doesn't persist if checkpoint is reloaded from the 
main menu. 
-One player discovered if they line up objects just perfectly, they could entangle more than one object at a time
not a major bug, but should be fixed. 


Thoughts: 

The instances where players manage to glitch themselves through things are a result of the interaction between
the entanglement system and Unity's in-built physics system. It may be beyond current scope to fix it, but
the door glitch should at least be mitigated. Need to investigate Unity's physics to see if there's a reasonably 
simple solution. 
The infinite-flying glitch is a result of the way the cantPush and entanglement systems interact, the cantPush
class zeroes its gameObjcects x +y velocity when the player touches them, disabling the y velocity was to 
fix an earlier glitch but reverting this change may be the best solution. 
Non-game halting messages should possibly be reserved for alerts and notifications, possibly best to switch all
'done' dialogues to also be game halting. 
